Added IstioInstall function that doesn't use port forward (#1672)
kyma-project/istio: docs/release-notes/1.24.0.md

## New Features

> - Istio controller image is now FIPS compliant, which is enforced by `fips140=only,tlsmlkem=0` flags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Istio controller image is now FIPS compliant, which is enforced by the `fips140=only,tlsmlkem=0` flags.
```

> - Istio controller image is now FIPS compliant, which is enforced by `fips140=only,tlsmlkem=0` flags.

Reviewer 2: I would avoid statements that we are not sure to be true ;)

```suggestion
- Istio controller image is now running in FIPS140 compliancy mode, which is controlled by `fips140=only,tlsmlkem=0` GODEBUG flags.
```
